Default tip calculation (#1627)
software-mansion/starknet.py: docs/migration_guide.rst

Migration guide
===============

***************************
0.28.0-rc.1 Migration guide
***************************

> Version 0.28.0-rc.1 of **starknet.py** adds support for estimating tips and adds related utilites.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Version 0.28.0-rc.1 of **starknet.py** comes with support for automatic transaction tip estimation.
```

Migration guide
===============

***************************
0.28.0-rc.1 Migration guide
***************************

Version 0.28.0-rc.1 of **starknet.py** adds support for estimating tips and adds related utilites,

``starknet_py.net.tip``
-----------------------

.. py:currentmodule:: starknet_py.net.tip

1. Added :func:`get_tips_median` for estimating the median of tips from the selected block.

``starknet_py.net.account.account`` and ``starknet_py.contract``

> ----------------------------------------------------------------

Author: Changed to "Tip Support"
